= RSpactor

RSpactor allows to automatically & intelligently launch your specs when your files are modified.
Version 0.7.x is a complete rewrite, RubyCocoa is no more needed, FSEvents & Inotify are supported from scratch.

== Features

- FSEvent support on Mac OS X (without RubyCocoa!)
- Inotify support on Linux
- RSpec 1.x & 2.x (from beta.18) support
- Bundler support
- Super fast change detection
- Automatic _spec.rb files detection (even new file created, unlike watchr)
- Growl notification (please install {growlnotify}[http://growl.info/documentation/growlnotify.php])
- Libnotify notification (with custom event support)

== Install

Only Mac OS X (10.5+) & Linux are supported. Tested on Ruby 1.8.7 & 1.9.2dev.

Install the gem:

    gem install rspactor --pre

If you are using Bundler, please add it to your Gemfile (inside test group):

    gem 'rspactor', '>= 0.7.beta.2'

== Usage

Just launch RSpactor inside your ruby/rails project with:

    rspactor

Options list is available with:

    rspactor -h

Signal handlers are now used to interact with RSpactor:

- Ctrl-C - Quit RSpactor or quick abort running spec(s)
- Ctrl-\ - Running all specs

== Vim

Vim does not actually modify the file so you will need to specify the following event in nix

    rspactor -e close_write

== TODO

- Specific files (spec_helper, factories, fixtures...) inspections
- Spork support (when {this issue}[http://github.com/timcharper/spork/issues#issue/37] will be resolved)
- {LiveReload}[http://github.com/mockko/livereload] support
- Cucumber support (You can use {Steak}[http://github.com/cavalle/steak] in the meantime)
- .rspec options file support
- Other ideas?

== Development

- Source hosted at {GitHub}[http://github.com/thibaudgg/rspactor]
- Report issues/Questions/Feature requests on {GitHub Issues}[http://github.com/thibaudgg/rspactor/issues]

Pull requests are very welcome! Make sure your patches are well tested. Please create a topic branch for every separate change
you make.

== Authors

From version 0.7.x was completely rewritten by {Thibaud Guillaume-Gentil}[http://github.com/thibaudgg].

Older versions authors are:

- {Mislav Marohnić}[http://github.com/mislav]
- {Andreas Wolff}[http://github.com/phunkwork]
- {Pelle Braendgaard}[http://github.com/pelle]
- {Thibaud Guillaume-Gentil}[http://github.com/thibaudgg]

Thanks to {Giovanni Cangiani}[http://github.com/multiscan] for the IO.popen/FSEvent trick & {Rémy Coutable}[http://github.com/rymai] for beta testing.
